docs: release 1.6.0 changelog (#538)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/changelog/bytebase-1-6-0.md

---
title: Bytebase 1.6.0

> author: Cy

Reviewer: should be Changyu instead of Cy, or there will be no avatar

> author: changyu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
author: Changyu
```

- Support displaying the currently connected environment in SQL Editor.
- Added a hint for the maximum return rows of the query result in SQL Editor.

## 🐞 Notable bug fixes

- Fixed: SQL with a long line in the issue may fail the pre-check task.

## 🎠 Community

- Thanks to @[fatelei](https://github.com/fatelei) for [#2965 feat(sql-review): implement postgresql check the number of index columns](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/2965)
- Thanks to @[zeroslope](https://github.com/zeroslope) for [#2929 feat(advisor): limit value list len in PostgreSQL INSERT statement](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/2929)
- Thanks to @[praneetloke](https://github.com/praneetloke) for [#2898 chore: improve error message when DB connection fails](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/2898)
- Thanks to @[Kikkon](https://github.com/Kikkon) for [#2874 feat(sql-review): limit PostgreSQL comment length](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/2874)
- Thanks to @[hamidzr](https://github.com/hamidzr) for [#2857 docs: fix minor typos](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/2857)

## 📕 Installation and Upgrade

> For a fresh installation, follow https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase#installation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Follow https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase#installation. If you upgrade from a previous version, just restart after obtaining the new release binary.
```
